---
description: "SERVICE ENGINEERING IS IN OUR DNA Helping Companies Grow through Carefully Audited Comprehensive Services OUR MISSION & VISION \_ \_\_ DoSell was founded by a dive"
author: []
datePublished: '2015-12-14T19:28:17.826Z'
publisher:
  domain: dosell.io
  name: dosell.io
dateModified: '2015-12-14T19:26:38.922Z'
title: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-14-service-engineering-is-in-our-dna-helping-companies-grow-thr.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: service-engineering-is-in-our-dna-helping-companies-grow-thr/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
SERVICE ENGINEERING IS IN OUR DNA Helping Companies Grow through Carefully Audited Comprehensive Services OUR MISSION & VISION      DoSell was founded by a diverse group of professionals, who despite specializing in different fields and having varied business backgrounds, had all experienced similar frustrations while trying to achieve the business and operational excellence that leads to success.   Yes, we've been there! From our own experiences in the enterprise sector, we know all too well the challenges that today's business leader faces, from quality issues, design conflicts, schedule delays to the lack of proper management - never mind their sales and marketing departments constantly working under pressure to fill the top of the sales funnel. These burdens combined make it hard to focus on keeping clients happy and establish a good reputation. And a happy customer and great reputation will always be your best sales tool.   At DoSell, we are driven by a simple mantra: 'Solve the business leaders' daily problems'. Because we understand that while you may excel in one element of business, without the others, success will remain elusive.   Our goal is to help overwhelmed company owners and leaders reduce their business stress and costs with our open source hub of experts, in order to acclerate growth and achieve greater efficiency, and to prepare them to build their business to a global scale.   Our mission is to provide a seamless solution for companies that are finding it challenging to fit the puzzle pieces of success together, despite having world-class products ready to market that can change lives.   We believe in radical project execution and a pleasant customer journey. And we strive to deliver results customized to our client's individual.   We founded DoSell because we knew we could make a difference. And we look forward to proving it to you!   Tibor Zahorecz -- Founder, Managing Partner  OUR PEOPLE & CULTURE         DoSell is all about teamwork. The collaboration between our in house team and our carefully selected hub of global service providers who are proven in their field of expertise makes for powerful solution. Each and every one of us share a common goal: the commitment to providing our clients with expert partners to help them achieve their goals. We consult, we identify and we fix. Together.   FOUNDERS Tibor Zahorecz Founder DoSell & Managing Partner 'I became passionate about easing the stress of fellow company leaders' lives after experiencing the frustration of not receiving proper services from providers for my business.' Adel Erdosi Co-Founder DoSell - (Managing Partner Everit) 'We founded DoSell with a shared vision and commitment to help business leaders grow their business by bringing the best solution under the roof.' Dr. Rupert Varnai Co-Founder DoSell - (CEO Cathay Associates) 'When you work with us, we are more than just a simple service provider. We work closely with you to determine your real organization problems and requirements.' Gabor Kiglics DoSell Partner (Founder/M.D. Econ Engineering) Peter L. Molnar DoSell Partner (Co-Founder & MD Maform) Bela Batitzi DoSell Partner (Managing Partner Vive Human)   TEAM Eniko Gall DoSell Back Office Manager Peter Tölgyesi Head of Scrum PMO Everit Balazs Zsoldos Head of Software Development and R&D Everit Judit Huszar Communication Expert and Designer Akos Horvath CFD Manager Econ Engineering Marton Graf FEM Manager Econ Engineering Tibor Meszes Engineering Manager at Econ Laszlo Ordogh Co-founder & CTO Vivetech Csaba Szeredy Co-Founder & CEO Vivetech Gabor Hornyak Head of Software Evaluation Lab & Common Criteria Expert Geza Csire Co-Founder & Head of Production Design Maform (c) 2015 DoSell Member firms of DoSell are independent design, engineering firms