---
description: BUSINESS ARCHITECTURE Every structure needs a solid foundation from which to build and expand. After a thorough consultation we help streamline your organizatio
author: []
datePublished: '2015-12-14T19:28:17.822Z'
publisher:
  domain: dosell.io
  name: dosell.io
dateModified: '2015-12-14T19:26:20.353Z'
title: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-14-business-architecture-every-structure-needs-a-solid-foundati.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: business-architecture-every-structure-needs-a-solid-foundati/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
BUSINESS ARCHITECTURE Every structure needs a solid foundation from which to build and expand. After a thorough consultation we help streamline your organization by aligning strategic goals and objectives that will improve your business processes and capabilities, power up your business model and boost your company efficiency.   Our specialties include: Customer insight Business process evaluation and redesign Ideation Technology scouting Product development strategy Business model generation Value proposition design DOSELL DESIGN HUB Great design makes all the difference. It brings ideas to life, makes products stand out and differentiates a brand. Most importantly, the right design facilitates the transition of a unique idea in to a functional product when balanced with the right engineering and manufacturing resources. Design covers a wide spectrum of disciplines -- and we have them covered!   Our specialties include: Identity design Product design Industrial design Product Development VIRTUAL PROTOTYPING LAB Virtual product prototyping helps verify concepts at an early stage. It reduces the time of product design iteration and identifies potential mistakes before advancing to the next phase, saving time and resources.   Our specialties include: CAD model pre-verification based on engineering models CAD pre-verification based on international standards (in beta) Complete prototyping based on your brief and documentation ONE-STOP SHOP ENGINEERING HUB Our cost-effective solution to new product development includes verifying CAD, reducing parts and optimizing designs for manufacture.   Our specialties include: Finite Element Analysis (FEA) CAE Services Industrial Optimization Service (IOS) Design of Experience (DOE) Engineering consulting Process simulation Design of special purpose machinery, robot cells, pick and place automats Assembly line, and robotics for production industry Rapid Prototyping OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE LAB The discipline of Virtual Ergonomics Verification was created to improve productivity, efficiency and quality, and to reduce occupational disease, sick-leave and the fluctuation of employees. With automatic inertial motion-capture sensors, the movement of assembly lines and workplaces are analyzed to make processes easier to evaluate.   Our specialties include: Manufacturing optimization Workplace monitoring; conceptive and corrective analysis Digital Ergonomy SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT HUB Great code and enterprise architecture can boost your company's efficiency, because software is the foundation of any business.   Our specialties include: Back-end architecture development Enterprise Architecture Development end-to-end based on Java technology Large scale CMS, E-commerce system development OSGI-based RAD technology (framework) Rapid application development In-depth cryptography and software security solutions Java Scrum team outsourcing SOFTWARE & IT SECURITY EVALUATION LAB We analyze your software, check your code secure and then evaluate it to prove its value.   Our specialties include: Common Criteria Software Audit IT Audit ISO27001 Smart Card evaluation GLOBAL MARKET ADVISORY CONSULTANCY Our Global Market Advisory Consultancy seamlessly links local know-how and networks with your company's market growth plan. Carefully selected leading players from key advisory segments - including accounting, tax, investment banking, law and corporate finance - will open doors to new businesses. With this service you can easily navigate different local regulations, testing marks and laws, country by country.   Our specialties include: A global network of 20 offices across 18 countries and five continents, and growing. More than 500 business minded, market leading advisors, lawyers. An integrated, seamless service with one point of contact, supported by a unified international team. Careful alignment of complimentary practices, such as tax, accounting and consultancy, creating a one-stop-shop, tailor-made solution for your needs. The benefits of a boutique service combined with the advantages of a full-scale service provider. We are specialists in helping companies expand into China.   We can help you connect with new clients, build a global brand, grow into international markets, and find investment opportunities, access to financing or find investors. We will be your business partners. . (c) 2015 DoSell Member firms of DoSell are independent design, engineering firms